This program was modified to run under VM Xinu.
Permission was also granted by Steve Chapin to distribute the code with the
copyright notice as given in the code.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

19 Jan 87

This directory contains the source files for the Programming Contest
Editor.  There isn't a whole lot of documentation (comments?
we don't need no steenking comments!) but there is a short
description of each function at the top of it.

Everything should compile ok.  The Makefile should do everything you
need, but feel free to embellish.  The editor uses the curses library,
and some signal stuff to turn off stop and kill, so that confused
hackers wouldn't leave tons of stuff lying around in the contest
directories.

If you can't get it to work, or have some other problems, I can
be reached at:

	Steve Chapin
	Department of Computer Sciences
	Computer Sciences Building
	Purdue University
	West Lafayette, IN  47907

	317/494-7816	(office)
	317/423-4529	(home)

	arpa/csnet: 	sjc@mordred.cs.purdue.edu
	uucp:		{ihnp4, pur-ee, ...}!purdue!sjc

What should be done:
There are several places in the code where I've been inconsistent in
declaring all variables extern.  The way it should be is that the
ed.h header file should be included in the main program, and
all the routines should refer to the variables after declaring them
extern.  Therefore, all the various and sundry .c files shouldn't
need to included ed.h.  As it stands, almost all of them do, and
I relied on the loader to resolve any conflicts.  This really
should be cleaned up, but I'm a little too busy to do so right now.
Maybe next Summer.  Hey, I just wrote it.  I didn't say it was pretty!

I'd appreciate it if I were kept informed of any changes made to
the source code.

P.S.  Ignore the file ed.doc.  It's out of date, and the source 
for the new editor document went to its reward, so there isn't
a true document around.  Some of the statements made in the document
(e.g. no undo command) are outright wrong.
