    	This directory contains the sources for the BOOTP server
    called bootpd.  It should work on any 4.3 derived Unix machine.
    It is compliant with the RFCs but does not implement all of the
    vendor specific values currently listed in RFC 1084.  It also has
    support for an unimplemented vendor specific structure for the
    Xinu operating system.  Support for this may be added at a later
    time.

    	The major features requiring mention will be discussed here.
    There is currently no man page (though I might get to one
    someday).  The data structures used to store the configuration
    file consist of three multi-threaded hash tables using a simple
    bucket hashing algorithm.  In addition, there are two other hash
    tables (also bucket hashes) that are used to store duplicated
    items of text and IP addresses.  See the files include/hash.h,
    src/hash.c, src/inithash.c, src/lookup.c, and src/insert.c.  The
    functions that manipulate these hash tables (insert() and
    lookup()) are polymorphic so that we can really store/retrieve
    anything in any hash table with the same two functions.

    	The configuration file is patterned after suggestions in the
    bootp RFC and the Unix termcap file.  See the sample configuration
    file for the entry descriptions.  The one thing worth noting is
    this:  The template field is like a macro, it expands inline.
    This fact, combined with the fact that only the last of multiple
    values for a tag is preserved, means that the position of the
    template tag in an entry is important.  Also, when a list of
    values for a tag is given (i.e. the gateway "gw" tag), order is
    preserved and is passed to the client which should also preserve
    the order.  Hence, you should specify such entries in the order of
    preference that you want the client to use.

    Acknowledgements:

    	This program draws some of its ideas (like the configuration
    file format) from previous work done at CMU.  However, this code
    is solely the author's work and in no way is derivative from the
    work at CMU.

